I used to think there was
nothing left to be found
I'm realizing that we're really
just scratching the surface of
what is really hear the first
time I did a picture I almost
wanted to drop my regulator I
didn't expect anything that
beautiful to exist no other team
has ever studied the biology or
the ecology of underground
Fisher's when we dive in the
fisher were carrying around 40
kilos of equipments the
strenuous access can make it
very very risky
we're creating a sip line to
gain better access to the water
it's a little bit steep over
there so we want to be very
careful but sometimes we just
have to jump you get this
powerful brain freeze when you
first come into the fisher the
very crystal clear waters at
that giveaway that there's not
much living in the water column
if you look closer you'll start
seeing that there are in fact
thousands of animals there's
many different habitats within
one Fisher we have species
living here which can't be found
anywhere else in the world we
vacuumed the biological material
of the war bring it to the
surface as we're collecting
samples to take back to the lab
so far we've made some exciting
discoveries like a copepod
species no one knew existed in
Iceland film i'll have to take
it to the lab
go through the whole sample i
really like combining these two
passions of mine the diving in
the science get over that we're
going to be in open water